Gwenevere Abriel: Ah,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
Debbie Barker: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you're able to meet on the fly.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We, I hope you are already up today.
Debbie Barker: You know, I was up.
Thank goodness
Debbie Barker: For quite a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, I wanted to hear more about your daughter's plans.
Debbie Barker: Well, she's in Texas right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay, wow.
Wonderful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great.
Debbie Barker: The day before
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhappy terms you guys kind of have leveled out kind of communication as of yesterday.
Debbie Barker: Oh, yeah.
Debbie Barker: I've been hearing from her every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think she'll get any treatment out there or
Debbie Barker: So yeah, hope so, plenty of stuff with her, but she's going to try to work yourself off but
Debbie Barker: She's got her own little trailer and you got a car that needs a couple of parts and so on. So it sounds pretty promising and she likes her job.
Debbie Barker: So let's good
Gwenevere Abriel: And did this fellow that you're not a big fan of. Did he go with her.
No.
Debbie Barker: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds like a blessing.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I think so.
Debbie Barker: I just wanted to get her life straightened up live like a normal person instead of living off of me all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, yeah. Oh, yeah. Good. So you're setting me up. Yeah. Fabulous. So I'm opening up a note here want to take a look at some of the things that we started to work on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know in group. You had mentioned that you're sort of in this learning curve of patience.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was insightful.
Debbie Barker: Sometimes our patients with yourself.
Debbie Barker: Hmm, especially with everything going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on.
Debbie Barker: beauty shop, one day, but they did.
Debbie Barker: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any word when when it's opening up for you guys out there.
Debbie Barker: Who probably, probably June or sometime later this month.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there your governor give that information out.
Debbie Barker: Yo, one place is open in town, but they just want too much money to cut hair.
Right.
Debbie Barker: I'd rather wait and go with my same lady that's been cutting it for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sense and you're not going to give it a shot. You tried that once. And it turned out a hot mess.
Right.
Debbie Barker: No, I wouldn't try to cut my hair, I thought about it because it's down in my eyes already
Debbie Barker: I hate that.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe today if you're up to it, we could do a little bit of work that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little bit. I'm on the creative side, we've done a little bit with the protective figure we did some imagery over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would it be okay if we did some of that again today.
Debbie Barker: Well, we can work on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of like the distancing metaphor that you did well with the balloon. Right. Remember that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. We did that one and then this. It's this container emotional container is kind of similar except instead of it going away like a balloon. This one's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Just in a container doesn't have to be small like this can be as big as you want. But this is what this activity is is
Gwenevere Abriel: In and of itself, that can be useful, but later on down the line. These are all pieces of a bigger part of work that I want to do with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Possibly doing some em, Dr. And these are sort of the preparation pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting your emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say a distressing emotion, whether it's fear, anger, jealousy, or discussed or something and you were to put it inside of a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you tell me in your imagination. What that container might be the instructions on this are that it be big enough and strong enough to hold all that negative stuff. What comes to your imagination, what would that be a container.
Debbie Barker: Wouldn't have to be a very big box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you want to be a box. What's okay so box and what is it made of
Debbie Barker: Paper box.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So paper box is
Gwenevere Abriel: Oftentimes,
Gwenevere Abriel: If it gets wet, it can disintegrate. So it's kind of nice in the imagination to make sure that it's strong enough that whatever's in there can't escape.
Debbie Barker: But will make it a metal box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, like paper can dissolve. So we got metal and about how big is it imagination.
Debbie Barker: Mm hmm can bike in
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 by 10
Gwenevere Abriel: By 10 beautiful and in order to keep some of those whether there's thoughts or beliefs or memories or negative emotions inside that container, you get a sense that there might be a locking system to keep, keep the lid down to make sure that it all stays there.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would the locking system be
Debbie Barker: Just the lock and unlock
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, lock, I can unlock have a key combination
The key.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Beautiful. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so that is done. Nicely done.
Gwenevere Abriel: And currently,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that your daughter has relocated very recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might still be around your daughter. This is shifting gears that containers complete and we're shifting gears. We're going to start to work on this thing called an anchor room, which is basically a safe place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, it's in that that right hemisphere, where the creative mind is, but first I want to understand what dilemmas. You're still challenged with
Gwenevere Abriel: So in your life these days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are your biggest challenges.
Debbie Barker: Just the uncertainty right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha, you talked about the coven
Debbie Barker: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Debbie Barker: I can't get my other car tagged in just
Debbie Barker: Few things I want to get done. So life can be a little bit easier.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've got the older
Debbie Barker: Older van and sometime it don't start it has to be jumped and
Debbie Barker: Been sitting there since Christmas so
Debbie Barker: I didn't call the DMV, maybe they'll be open today so I can get that thing gagged
Okay.
Debbie Barker: Vehicle
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you have
Gwenevere Abriel: A dilemma and you basically have a solution figured out, well, I'll make a call and I'll find out what their hours are so that maybe you could go down there, if possible. Maybe they've got it something online as it means to solve it.
Debbie Barker: I've tried, we went in and try that. But just hadn't been registered in a while. So it's got to be done at the DMV. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that makes sense. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This goal that you have, which is I'd like to feel better about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about what that is where the challenges with that.
Debbie Barker: Well, I think, I think the stress and everything will, you know, gradually, settle down with Gabby and things kind of slowly go back to normal. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can see here kept the the information you
Gwenevere Abriel: Regarding the I did a little survey, just to see if you're presenting with any PTSD symptoms.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had mentioned a couple of things which was awesome. Interesting activities that you use to enjoy. Is that, is that part of just sort of this temporary
Gwenevere Abriel: Environment.
Or do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: You think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so that's not so much about the PTSD symptoms. It's more about just life circumstance.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the, I would like to feel better about myself. So something that I had
Gwenevere Abriel: written out here as an objective to kind of take a look at that is asking you to identify what the challenges are to increasing self esteem.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see, April, we said it was about a 3.5 so is in your own words, what do you think would bring that self esteem up
Debbie Barker: If I gained a little bit of weight back
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I
Debbie Barker: Was able to get out a little bit more
Debbie Barker: I think I just got stuck in a rut with Kathy here. And I think the weight loss that I had last year which strictly just stress.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And worry over her.
Debbie Barker: I'm in the middle of things, between the two of them.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, so I get, you know, move things
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're your
Gwenevere Abriel: Husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think
Debbie Barker: Might as well be.
Debbie Barker: Okay yeah years
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's it's a sometimes I forget whether it's common law or what have you. So I'll probably just refer to my husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's never had any children have is that right
Debbie Barker: Yeah. He's got three kids of his own, but he doesn't have a relationship one come out and seeing them for a while, but he's in prison, but he's working on trying to have a relationship with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just have animals in your room with you now. Right. You have a sense of privacy this morning.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For for getting his first name, if you could, so I don't
Debbie Barker: Know me
Gwenevere Abriel: How many. That's right. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When Tommy and Cassie, kind of, have you in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that Tommy wants to Cassie wants no part of
Debbie Barker: Me just one, sir. It's straight known in it could be you know something about what she did. The, the day before that, because she was real bad about going in and out of the house at all hours, you know, day and night and constantly WAKING US UP.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want the same thing. So is it more about Tommy's delivery. That's the concern.
Debbie Barker: You know, but I think he's come down to choose left to
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And we do
Debbie Barker: You know, reached our limit with her going
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: And never getting anything back never get any respect and she's never have be about anything.
Debbie Barker: Even if she gets what she wants to keep it that way all of our life.
Debbie Barker: When me and my husband separated our property and divorced. I got remarried and if I said no. Was she would go to her dad, and of course or dad would do it.
Debbie Barker: And
Debbie Barker: She just text me. But anyway, and if they would say no. Well then, my husband would say yes, you know, so she
Debbie Barker: She always got or she on which was a big mistake.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: They wouldn't do moving along with what I said, you know, we've seen break something. Well, it's broke. You know, it's about once we're not replacing it.
Debbie Barker: Right. You know, I've tried to be a lot more
Debbie Barker: Stricter with or
Debbie Barker: You know, not you know out of reason, but I don't see replacing something when she's broken it
Debbie Barker: She got to learn it, there's consequences to things.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is a natural consequence. And so when people come in and they prevent them from learning those natural consequences it carries on into adulthood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, expecting everyone to clean up her mess.
Debbie Barker: Right, absolutely all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is about to change for you. So what I'm doing right now is trying to see what an area.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of target might be that we could do some work on today. So at this point, you're not too worried. It sounds like about the stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about to get better. That's what I'm hearing from you that without Kathy there the tension between those two. You won't have to put yourself kind of in the middle to
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to Tommy and make sure Kathy's okay too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you think that that 3.5 self esteem. That's kind of low. You think that's going to go up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes. Okay.
Debbie Barker: Interesting. Once you get my hair cut.
Gwenevere Abriel: So funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: So really this is about you getting out now i'm ok so I'll just say once haircut.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're like a by getting out. Are you talking about just walking around the block kind of thing or
Debbie Barker: I'm going fishing and, you know, being able to do things that we used to be able to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Is Tommy up for sufficient
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's a real that's a real possibility, don't even take a bunch of people for that being around people around.
Debbie Barker: No real nice little like you get up there and you just forget about everything else that's going on, except fishing and having a good time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so that kind of addresses the loss of interest in activities. That's going to change, you're gonna be able to go fishing. That's going to help the self esteem, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: This one here. There's a little. It's a pretty low number. It's a one, which you had mentioned was just a little bit, which was avoid. In other words,
Gwenevere Abriel: Over that last month, you were bothered a little bit by avoiding external reminders of the stressful experience. For example, people places conversations activities objects or situations.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think you were referring to back then.
Debbie Barker: I'm thinking over just be depressed and counted down on myself.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me some of the depressing thoughts. What are some of those thoughts.
Debbie Barker: With Kathy here. I just didn't seem like I had
Debbie Barker: You know, I was going to improve very much. It was always going to be stressful, you know, and always going to be a conflict with our
Gwenevere Abriel: So trying I've come out this a couple of different ways, trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: Cover if there is anything that you still kind of have some stress or worry or discomfort. I know, physically, you're in pain and you're waiting for surgeries to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: From trying to see if there's anything on a psychological level that might be disruptive of sleep might be causing nightmares might be causing some tension inter personally trying to check in on there and see how that's doing
Debbie Barker: Well, one thing with my sleep. It's hard to sleep with that bad knee.
Debbie Barker: Hmm. Wake me up. I've been putting patches on it, but that burns it after a while. And I've gotta leave Martha put in batches on it. At least I don't wake up in the middle of night working straighten my knee up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Debbie Barker: Have been the middle of the night was her going back and forth, back and
Debbie Barker: Forth, all the time, dude.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but nothing from your abuse history comes up. Is that what I'm hearing
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing from though.
Debbie Barker: I'm pretty well work through that.
Okay.
Debbie Barker: That's in the past. He's gone back every mended abuse me is gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, sometimes for people that haven't processed it when something is reminded if there's something that sounds like it looks like it all those old feelings come up. So for you, that does not happen is that right
Debbie Barker: Every now and then, but I don't let it bother me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then if it's not bothering you, then there's nothing to fix, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I agree. Okay, so I really want to just make sure I carefully touched on that topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: My guess is that without current stressors.
Gwenevere Abriel: And without you, it can change if something changes and you tell me boy, you know, I'm starting to have disrupted sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm starting to really know have these difficult communications with Tommy a you and I can eat more frequently. But I think what we'll do is we'll move our appointments out because it doesn't sound like you have any current
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of stressors going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do want to develop
Gwenevere Abriel: A
Gwenevere Abriel: relapse prevention plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: The difficult part is I'm you tell me, is it your plan on staying on Suboxone forever or did you want to eventually come off of it.
Debbie Barker: Maybe eventually after my surgeries and stuff is over with.
Debbie Barker: Okay. Hopefully the pain will go down to where I can do with that a lot better.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're talking about months from now.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I'm not sure when
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Debbie Barker: No, I don't need them. One of them called me, you know, or trying to schedule. I still got to see the back specialist, but at least they found me somebody to go see him and he said that you know he'll do it, that sort of thing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I was going to go to an anchor room, but I think I'm going to shift gears instead we'll just take a look at your relapse prevention plan. Maybe we'll kind of fill that in a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: Right right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're not coming with you're not telling me any kind of current psychological stress. So it's difficult to build on that I if you're heading in the direction of healthy, happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're about to get back in your groove with hobbies and fun. Then let's stick with that. So we'll stick with what's working
Gwenevere Abriel: So if that comes back up. I can always develop that with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now, I'm looking at a relapse prevention plan right now. I have emotional triggers, relax. I'm sorry relationship triggers events that are triggers healthy coping skills. People like and call self soothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have anybody under people you can call. So Debbie, if you were ever in a moment where
Gwenevere Abriel: You started to feel like your use of an opiate was starting to head in the direction of self medicating psychological distress or you were seeking out the euphoria that would be addictive behavior, right, you recognize those kind of terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it was heading in that direction or you were in it. Is there someone you would trust enough to talk to and call
Debbie Barker: Yes.
Debbie Barker: Who my sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and give me that sister's name.
Debbie Barker: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Tammy. Okay. Excellent. So I got her name in here. Anyone else that you would trust enough to call reach out to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. It's good to have that right there in the home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever just part of the self soothing the self care. I've got a couple of things. I've got canning. You like that and doing some cartoons. Did you ever kind of pull out the, the, the, the paper and the ink and start doing any or does that still today.
Debbie Barker: But I found that some of my older drawings and things like that, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a start, isn't it.
Debbie Barker: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get inspired. Excellent.
Debbie Barker: Trying to turn this room upside down and we just need to have a good thrown away party for a while. We just got duplicates of a lot of things and things. We just don't use anymore.
Right.
Debbie Barker: He had a full house of stuff and I already had a full house of stuff plus
Gwenevere Abriel: So if added that I put Tommy and Tammy under people you can call and for emotional triggers in the past. Anyway, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I have anger I have sad I have depressed. I have helpless. Helpless. So those are sort of historically may have contributed to to to triggers, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any sort of craving that you have currently that comes up where you think, gee, I'd like to get out of this and be numb emotionally said
Gwenevere Abriel: No. No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, this was very brief little meeting, but at least we got to touch base.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's actually put something on the books. So that's not so on the fly.
Debbie Barker: All right.
Debbie Barker: I'm gonna work on quitting smoking.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm going to do. I'll write a goal that has to do with that. What's your actual goal around that.
Debbie Barker: To try to go down to 10 cigarettes a day. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it beautiful and then your that would be
Debbie Barker: Again, we can support each other.
Debbie Barker: That way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love it. Okay, so what I'll do is I'll put that down, ultimately, you want to quit boat on a short term goal. It could be you'd like to see yourself cut back to 10 a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Um, let's see, I want to go down.
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10 cigarette. How many, how much you smoking now.
Debbie Barker: pack a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I have no idea how many are in a pack.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Debbie Barker: It's a nervous habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So can I just give you at least one thing to experiment with until we meet again.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So number one, you're more than welcome. If you're not already on a Wellbutrin which is sounds a lot like
Gwenevere Abriel: The generic name Bupropion sounds a lot like the sub
Debbie Barker: On mobile, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do have one. Yeah, yeah. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Wellbutrin actually has a pretty good history for addressing the cravings mess. Number one, which you may want to talk to the physician about
Gwenevere Abriel: Number two, and this is the part that you could be doing this, believe it or not, helps people tremendously. So it goes like this. The second I have the thought or I catch myself starting to reach for the cigarette. I say I'm going to wait 90 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't think you can do anything for 90 seconds right
Gwenevere Abriel: You say you know what, I'm just going to wait 90 seconds. I'm just going to delay for 90 seconds that cigarette and you go use a distraction. You go distract yourself, whatever it is. I'm draw walk watch tv youtube
Gwenevere Abriel: That 90 seconds often turns into an hour.
Debbie Barker: The
Gwenevere Abriel: We forget about the thing. And we're going and we're distracted. So then you just got rid of an hour, but honestly even Debbie. If you get 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a win.
Debbie Barker: That's true, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is a trick you just say, You know what, I can wait 90 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, you know, and then if you want to you can say
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's also because it's so convenient. I have them right here in this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: They know that you leave here and you go put them somewhere in convenient if they're not there. They're not right here because it's unconscious. We're just automatically grabbing it and just not even thinking about it.
Debbie Barker: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. So I would say somewhere that is similar to in the trunk locked. Now that might not be for you, but somewhere like that where you are inconvenience having to schlep over there and go get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, the amount of time that it takes to find the keys to go to that puts that 90 seconds that you need that you may be able to think this is stupid. What am I doing, why am I doing this wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm taking a second. And I'm like, I really How badly do I want to know. I can wait another 90 seconds. I'm going to go wash the dishes. I'm going to go think about a recipe for this weekend. So, those, those two things go make it inconvenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: That embeds the amount of time it takes for you to go reach for it. You might think of something healthy to do or you might snap out of it. What am I doing, I don't need to smoke, that's just, that's just habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then deliberately and putting sticky notes around wait 90 seconds until your sweetheart, Tommy. Tell me wait 90 seconds, help me remember
Debbie Barker: You just gotta let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you got to set something up here, I've
Gwenevere Abriel: Already mentioned that. And I figured I'd throw those out for you. They've been really handy for people
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so why don't we look at June 8
Gwenevere Abriel: At noon.
Which is a Monday.
Debbie Barker: Writing
Debbie Barker: Sounds good to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but if other things come up
Gwenevere Abriel: Please don't hesitate, we can meet a whole lot sooner than that. But it doesn't sound like you're having any current sort of pressures. Aside from this, this medication that's addressing the pain. But if something does come up. We can certainly nice to them that
Debbie Barker: Sounds good women.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you in group then
Debbie Barker: You have a nice day.